Set initial project structure (#3)
eclipse/microprofile-jwt-bridge: README.md

# MicroProfile JWT Bridge

## Introduction

This specification enables mapping MicroProfile JWT tokens to Jakarta EE container APIs not included in the MicroProfile umbrella and provides a place where Jakarta EE specifications, such as Jakarta Security, can build requirements and seamless integrations with MicroProfile JWT.

In order not to introduce circular dependencies, this specification is to be created with the following scopes:

* Define the annotations to working with JWT authentication mechanisms such as how to configure the JWT claims. 

* Spec language would be added to state: Format of the JWT must comply with MP spec. Validation and handling of the JWT must comply with MP spec. 

* Move the optional section of MP JWT to the new bridge spec together with TCKs. 

> * This specification does not limit only to Jakarta security and it may also include other relevant technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This specification is not limited to only Jakarta Security, and it may also include other relevant technologies.
```

> * This specification does not limit only to Jakarta security and it may also include other relevant technologies.

Reviewer 2: `s/does not limit/is not limited/`

## Proposal

> * Define the annotations to working with JWT authentication mechanisms such as how to configure the JWT claims.

Reviewer 2: `s/the annotations/the Java language annotations/`

> * Define the annotations to working with JWT authentication mechanisms such as how to configure the JWT claims.

Author: ```suggestion
* Define the Java language annotations to working with JWT authentication mechanisms such as how to configure the JWT claims.
```
